As an employee, I want to receive my salary statement, so that I have a clear overview.
As a manager, I want to send salary statements, so that my employees have a clear overview.
As a manager, I want to enable the option for weekly and monthly payments for my employees, so that employee satisfaction rises.
As a manager, I want to automate the payment system, so that all payments are handled correctly and on time.
As a manager, I want to outsource part of the payment process, so that I do not have to worry about local payment regulations for each country.
As an employee, I want to receive a notification when my salary payment is handled, so that I stay up to date with my financial status.
As an employee, I want to express my preferred working hours, so that I am most likely to work on hours that best suit me.
As a manager, I want to semi-automate the scheduling process, so that the scheduling process is more efficient.
As a manager, I want to have the ability to manually edit the automatically-generated  schedule,  so that  I  can keep the operations running on busy days.
As a manager, I want to manually authorize the schedule before it goes live, so that I can ensure a correct schedule is being shared.
As a manager, I want to be notified as soon as manual adjustments need to be made, so that I can swiftly handle these adjustments and keep a clear overview.
As an employee, I want to receive notification when the new schedule is available, so that I can keep the scheduled hours free from other activities.
As an employee, I want to view the schedule at any given time, so that I can effectively keep track of my personal time.
As a manager, I want to view the schedule at any given time, so that I can effectively manage the employee presence on the work floor.
As an employee, I want the system to automatically verify my work hours, so that my salary statements are calculated accurately.
As a manager, I want the system to automatically verify employees' work hours, so that employees' salary statements are calculated accurately.
As an office employee, I want a separate complaint system with tickets, so that I don’t have to filter through my email for complaints anymore.
As an employee, I want to be able to file a complaint regarding my workplace, so that my problems can be solved.
As a manager, I want to be able to file a complaint regarding my workplace, so that my problems can be solved.
As a manager, I want my employees to be able to file complaints regarding their workplace, so that employee satisfaction rises.
As an office employee, I want to be able to view all complaints, so that I can have an overview of the problems other employees face.
As a manager, I want to be able to view all complaints, so that I can have an overview of the problems my employees face.
As an office employee, I want to be able to respond to unsolved complaints, so that I can help the employees with their problems.
As an office employee, I want to be able to categorize complaints, so that there is an overview of the extent of problem areas.
As an office employee, I want to be able to prioritize complaints that require high management intervention to solve, so that important complaints will be solved swiftly.
As an employee, I want to receive a notification when my filed complaint is handled, so that I can stay up to date with the status of my complaint.
As a  manager,  I  want  to  be  able  to quickly and effectively hire new employees, so that I can easily scale up our operations.
As a manager, I want to be notified when the hiring process of an employee is finished, so that I am up to date regarding the status of our new employees.
As a manager, I want to be able to have an overview of all our active employees, so that I can easily evaluate our employees.
As a manager, I want to be able to have an overview of all our absent employees, so that I can manually verify these absences.
As an applicant, I want to be able to register an account, so that I can finalize my hiring process and start working at the organization.
As a manager, I want to be able to view my employee’s contracts at any given time, so that I have a clear overview of when extensions are due.
As a manager, I want to be able to view my employee’s certificates at any given time, so that I have a clear overview of the qualifications of my employees.
As an employee, I want to be able to contact the management when needed, so that I can discuss important topics regarding my employment with them.
As a manager, I want to be able to contact an employee easily, so I can reach them when needed.
As an employee, I want to be able to use the messaging system to message other employees when needed, so that I can keep in touch with my colleagues.
As a manager, I want to be able to forward formal messages to employees in bulk, so that I can communicate with a big group of employees when needed.
As an employee, I want to view my personal inbox easily, so that I have a clear overview of important work-related information.
As a manager, I want to have one system with one login, so that I don’t lose track of my account information.
As an employee, I want to be able to reset my password, so that I can always access my account.
As an employee, I want to have a user-friendly application, so that I can access all functionalities easily.
As an employee, I want to be able to navigate through the application easily, so that I can quickly see my schedule while riding.
As an employee, I want to be able to choose between email or application notifications, so that I can adjust my administration in the way that I prefer.
As an employee, I want to be able to choose between weekly or monthly payments, so that I can adjust my payment routine to my lifestyle.
As an employee, I want to be able to view my financial annual statements, so that I can easily find my financial information for filing taxes, etc.
As an employee, I want the information that is shared with the payment handler to be encrypted, so that my privacy is ensured.
As an employee, I want to be able to change my personal information, so that the information my employer has is always up to date.
As an employee, I want to be able to view my contract, so that I have a clear overview of important work-related information.
As an employee, I want the application as secure as possible, so that my data does not fall into malicious hands.