As a new Customer, I want to open an account in the system, so I can start training at Daily Sports.
As a Customer, I want to add my personal information, so I meet the requirements of the gym for signing up.
As a Customer, I want to add my banking details, so I can pay for my subscription.
As a Customer, I want to be able to choose my membership type, so I can pay according to my wishes.
As a Customer, I want to be able to extend my subscription for Daily Sports, so I can continue working out.
As a Customer, I want to know how long my subscription lasts, so I know when I need to extend it.
As a Returning Customer, I want to be able to use my previous information, so that sign-up is easier.
As a Customer, I want to be able to unsubscribe.
As a Customer, I want to be able to reset my password.
As a Customer, I  want  to  be  able  to  change  my personal details. 
As a Customer, I want to be able to update my payment information.
As a Customer with a Family Membership, I want to see who is using my membership. 
As a Customer with a Family Membership, I want to add a person to my membership, so that I can utilize it effectively.
As a Customer with a Family Membership, I want to remove a person from my membership.
As a Customer, I want to see an overview of all available lessons, so that I can choose which one to book. 
As a Customer, I want to see what future lessons I have booked, so that I can manage my time.
As a Customer, I want to see a record of previous lessons I have booked, so I can track my progress. 
As a Customer, I want to be able to call the gym to book a lesson, so that I don’t have to use the application.
As a Customer, I want to be able to call the gym to cancel a lesson, so that I don’t have to use the application.
As an Admin, I want to be able to edit all personal training sessions.
As a Customer, I want to call the gym to book a personal training session, so that I don’t have to use the application.
As a Customer, I want to call the gym to cancel a personal training session, so that I don’t have to use the application.
As a Customer, I want to be able to book a spot for the free practice area, so that I know it will have capacity for me when I arrive.
As a Customer, I want to see how many spots have been booked for a given timeslot.
As a Trainer, I want to see which rooms are free at a given timeslot, so I can organize a lesson.   
As a Trainer, I want to add a lesson to the schedule, so customers would be able to sign-up. 
As a Trainer, I want to set the time of the lesson, so the customers know when they should be at Daily Sports.
As a Trainer, I want to set the description of the lesson, so the customers know what to expect from it.
As a Trainer, I want to set the room of the lesson, so the customers know where to go.
As a Trainer, I want to set the type of lesson. 
As a Trainer, I want to set the maximum number of people allowed in the lesson, so that we don’t over-crowd a room.
As a Trainer, I want to be able to see what my schedule is.
As a Trainer, I want to be the only Trainer who can edit my lessons.
As a Trainer, I want to edit the time of the lesson, so a more suitable time can be set.
As a Trainer, I want to change the room of the lesson, so I can move the lesson to another place. 
As a Trainer, I want to edit the description of the lesson, so the customers know what to expect. 
As a Trainer, I want to edit the maximum number of people allowed in the lesson, so it is correct for this lesson.
As an Admin, I want to be able to edit any lesson.
As a Trainer, I want to cancel a lesson, so customers won’t show up in an empty room when I can’t make it.
As an Admin, I want to cancel a lesson, so customers won’t show up in an empty room when the Trainer can’t make it.
As a Customer, I want to receive a notification when my booked lesson is canceled, so I won’t  go to Daily Sports for a canceled  lesson.
As a Customer, I want to be notified if I didn’t go to a session I had booked, so that I know it happened.
As an Admin, I want to see if a customer did not show up for a session they had booked, so that I can take further action.
As an Admin, I want to see how many times a customer did not show up for a session.
As an Admin, I want to have the system to issue a fine if a customer does not show up more than 2 times, so that we can deter no-shows. 
As an Admin, I want to have the fines for repeat offenders to increase exponentially for each subsequent offense, so we can deter no-shows.
As an Admin I want to add a new trainer to the system, so the new trainer can start working.
As an Admin I want to add a new admin to the system, so the new admin can start working.
As an Admin I want to remove a trainer from the system, so they cannot access the system anymore.
As a User, I want to log in to the system, so that I can use the system.
As a Customer, I want to receive notifications by the method which I prefer, so that I am able to see them and not be annoyed by them.
As a Customer, I want to receive notifications by email.
As a Customer, I want to receive push notifications from the system.
As a Customer, I want to choose what to receive notifications for.
As a Customer, I want to receive a notification when a training session is canceled.
As a Customer, I want to confirm that I am aware that my booking has been canceled. 
As an Admin, I want to know which customers are aware that their booking has been canceled, so that I can call them if they aren’t. 
As a Customer, I want to see an overview of my personal information.
As a Customer, I want to see information about my membership.
As a Trainer, I want to see information about my past and future training sessions.
As a Customer, I want to have a method by which I can check-in. 
As an Admin, I want to see if the Customer who is checking-in has a subscription.
As an Admin, I want to see if the Customer who is checking-in has any bookings.