As a customer, I want to create a personal account.
As a customer, I want to be able to sign up for the newsletter, so that I am aware of discounts and anomalies.
As a customer, I want to be able to unsubscribe from the newsletter, so that I no longer receive the newsletter.
As a customer, I want to activate push notifications, so that I am aware of discounts and anomalies.
As a customer, I want to be able to deactivate push notifications, so that I no longer receive push notifications.
As a customer, I want to reset my password.
As a customer, I want to change the font size of the text, so that it is easier for me to read.
As a customer, I want to change the contrast between the text and the background, so that it is easier for me to read.
As a customer, I want to change the application’s language to my native language, so that it is easier for me to understand the app.
As a customer, I want to receive suggestions on products that I might like, so that I can find my new favorite products.
As a customer, I want to receive a special personal discount on the products that I frequently buy, so that I can save money.
As a customer, I want to be notified of special personal discounts, so that I do not miss out on them.
As a customer, I want to have a subscription-based delivery service, so that I gain discounts in case of frequent deliveries.
As a customer, I want to get recipes based on products I like, so I can potentially discover new meals to cook.
As a customer, I want to contact customer service, so that I can have answers to urgent questions when I need them.
As a customer, I want to scan products in the store to build my shopping list, so that I do not have to scan my products again at checkout.
As a customer, I want to be able to add products to my wishlist, so that I can easily find them in the app.
As a customer, I want to search for a product, so that I know if it is in the supermarket's stock.
As a customer, I want to filter products on dietary restrictions, so that I know which products are suited for my diet.
As a customer, I want to order products by price in ascending order, so that I can save money.
As a customer, I want to order products by popularity, so that I become aware of which products are liked by most people.
As a customer, I want to be notified of what products are on sale, so that I can save money.
As a customer, I want to scan the barcode of an item, so that I can see the product information without searching for it online.
As a customer, I want to read the product information, so that I find it easier than reading the product's packaging.
As a customer, I want to see if the product I need is in stock, so that I do not end up going to the store for a product that is sold out.
As a customer, I want to be notified when an item I need is back in stock, so that I do not miss out on it.
As a customer, I want to be able to see if a product that is sold out in my store is available in another store, so that I can purchase the product there.
As a customer, I want to see the available quantity of a product in store, so that I know that there is enough to fulfill my needs.
As a customer, I want to see when a product will be available again when it is currently sold out, so that I know when I can buy it again.
As a customer, I want to be provided with recipe ideas, so that I gain inspiration for my meals.
As a customer, I want to see which products were used in a recipe, so that I know which products to buy when I am making a recipe.
As a customer, I want to purchase products online, so that I do not have to find the products in the store myself.
As a customer, I want to have my groceries delivered to me, so that I do not have to go to the store myself.
As a customer, I want to be able to select the date on which my groceries will be delivered, so that I am sure that I have them in time.
As a customer, I want to be able to select a time slot for the delivery of my groceries so that I can make sure that I am home to receive the delivery.
As a customer, I want to have my groceries delivered using an express delivery service, so that I can have products delivered to me when I need them quickly.
As a customer, I want to see my order history, so that I can easily find products that I have purchased before.
As a customer, I want to be able to place a previous order again, so that I do not have to add the products to my shopping cart again.
As a customer, I want to add products from the overview of my previous order to my new order, so that I can save time adding products to my order.
As a customer, I want to be able to digitally pay for my delivered groceries, so that I am not required to pay in person.
As a customer, I want to find the location of products in a specific store, so that my shopping becomes easier and faster.
As a customer, I want to get recommendation regarding the nearest store, so that I won’t be need to select the related store.
As a customer, I want to be able to change the selection of my default store, so that I can easily order groceries at a different location.
As a customer, I want to link my existing loyalty card, so that I do not have to physically have it.
As an employee, I want to update the application with new recipes, so that I can provide customers with inspiration for cooking a meal.
As an employee, I want to edit the discounts for a specific product, so that customers are provided with up-to-date information.
As an employee, I want to confirm an established delivery time, so that customers are accurately informed on when their groceries will arrive.
As an employee, I want to notify customers of suddenly unavailable products in their delivery, so that customers can manage their expectations accordingly.
As an employee, I want to notify customers in case of a delayed delivery, so that customers do not have to unnecessarily wait longer than needed.
As an employee, I want to contact the customer in case of a canceled delivery so that customers are given full transparency, and their delivery is handled adequately later.
As an employee, I want to provide the customer with a new delivery time in case of a canceled delivery, so that the customer remains in control of when their groceries will arrive.