As a user, I want to save my personal information (i.e., name, date of birth, email, address, and preferences) so that I don't have to repeat this process with every ticket purchase.
As a user, I want to save my payment details so that I don't have to fill these details in every time.
As a user, I want to fill out a short survey about my preferences in (music) genre and event types so that I can receive personalized content.
As a user, I want to see personalized content (e.g., recommended events) based on my user profile to quickly see events I am interested in.
As a user, I want to see and edit my preferences so that my information does not become outdated.
As a user, I want to be able to change my password so that I can keep my account information safe.
As a user, I want to be able to edit my personal information (e.g., address) so that I can update it when needed.
As a user, I want to see a history of previous ticket orders, so that I can easily retrieve tickets and additional information when needed.
As a user, I want to see an overview of upcoming events for which I bought a ticket, so that I can easily find this information when needed.
As a user, I want to find my list of favorited artists and events under my profile, so that I can easily find them back.
As a visitor, I want to read about the event (e.g., location, date, and artist information), so that I can decide whether to buy a ticket.
As a visitor, I want to be able to buy tickets directly from the event page, so that the purchasing process is shortened.
As a reseller, I want to be able to sell my tickets directly from the event page, so that the reselling process is shortened.
As a (single-time) visitor, I want to buy a ticket as a guest, so that the overall purchase progress is shorter.
As a guest (i.e., single-time user), I want to only fill in my name and email when buying a ticket so that the process is faster than creating an account.
As a guest, I want to not fill in all my information to buy a ticket, so that I can avoid unnecessarily sharing my personal data.
As a guest, I can use the platform the same way as users looking to buy a ticket, so that I am not forced into registering.
As a visitor, I want to purchase a ticket in an easy and short process, so that I can avoid any complications during the process.
As a visitor, I want to see events with available tickets so that I can buy the tickets.
As a visitor, I want to be able to buy multiple tickets for one event in one purchase so that I can buy tickets for me and whomever I go with.
As a visitor, I want to see available seats at the event, so that I can decide which one to buy.
As a visitor, I want to see the available seats in a map of the venue so that I can pick the right seating place for during the event.
As a visitor, I want to see the types of tickets (e.g., normal, premium, gold tickets) once I select the event, so that I can choose which type I want to buy.
As a visitor, I want to add tickets to the shopping cart, so that I can buy tickets.
As a visitor, I want to see my order summary, so that I can make sure that I buy the correct ticket(s).
As a visitor, I want to see a list of payment methods. so that I can pay for my tickets.
As a company, I want to have the overall buying process as intuitive and quick as possible so that we can attract (and retain) visitors to use our platform.
As a visitor, I want to get a list of events as search results, so that I can select the desired event.
As a visitor, I want to be able to land on the event page when clicking on a search result so that I can visit the page I want.
As a visitor, I want to have the search engine non-case sensitive and punctuation sensitive so that I can still find the desired event when I misspell the name.
As a visitor, I want to be able to sort my search results by date so that I can see which events are up first.
As a visitor, I want to be able to filter my search by price so that I can only see tickets within my price range.
As a visitor, I want to be able to filter my search results by venue, so that I can easily find the event I want to go to.
As a visitor, I want to be able to filter a list of events by genre, so that I don't have to see events I'm not interested in.
As a company, I want to have the minimum price for reselling a ticket at 5 cents so that I can receive a service fee.
As a company, I want to have resellers sell only digital tickets, so that the tickets can be validated automatically.
As a company, I want to validate tickets, so that I can ensure visitors a trustworthy platform.
As a company, I want to deduct a service fee of 3% from the total price set by the reseller so that the reselling platform is a financially beneficial addition to the business.
As a company, I want to avoid fraudulent behavior on the reselling platform, so that visitors gain trust in the platform.
As a company, I want to protect users from online fraud, so that I can avoid the failure of the reselling platform.
As a reseller, I want to be able to resell tickets directly from the event page so that the reselling process is shortened.
As a reseller, I can upload my digital ticket from my local device, so that I can offer it to other users.
As a reseller, I can set any price above 5 cents for the ticket I'm selling.
As a reseller, I can add a short description of the event so that the other (buying) users know what type of ticket, and for which event, I'm selling.
As a reseller, I want to save my bank account (IBAN number) in my user profile, so that I can receive the money for the tickets directly to my bank account.
As a visitor, I want to see upcoming events in a calendar-type view so that I can compare it to my own planner.
As a visitor, I want to see popular, upcoming events so that I can stay updated about interesting events.
As a visitor, I want to click on an event shown on the homepage and be directed to the event page, so that I don't have to search for it.
As an artist, I want to find information about my events on the designated event page so that visitors can read about my event and consider buying tickets.
As an artist, I want to have a link to my website on the event page so that fans can find out more about me.
As an artist, I want to have a link to my social media on the event page, so that fans can follow me for regular updates.
As an artist, I want to have a description of myself and my upcoming event (or tour) to be shown on my event page so that visitors can inform themselves about my show.
As a user, I want to favorite events or artists on the related event page, so that I can easily find it back.
As an artist, I want to have a link to music platforms (e.g., YouTube, Spotify, Apple Music), so that visitors buying tickets for my show can stream my music.